join
Modifier	Description
public	The code is accessible for all classes
private	The code is only accessible within the same class
protected	The code is accessible within the same class, or in a class that is inherited from that class. You will learn more about inheritance in a later chapter
internal	The code is only accessible within its own assembly, but not from another assembly. You will learn more about this in a later chapter
inner join -only maching values from both tables

The main difference among them is that the primary key identifies each record in the table,
 and the unique key prevents duplicate entries in a column except for a NULL value.

componet
genric
two way binding
web api question (action

 How to delete duplicate rows in SQL Server?

Duplicate rows can be deleted using CTE and ROW NUMER feature of SQL Server.


We can use HTTPS (HyperText Transfer Protocol Secure) to secure your ASP.NET Core

What is a SQL Server Cursor
T-SQL (Transact-SQL) is a set of programming extensions from Sybase and Microsoft that add several features to the Structured Query Language (SQL), including transaction control, exception and error handling, row processing and declared variables.
A SQL Server cursor is a set of T-SQL logic to loop over a predetermined number of rows one at a time.  The purpose for 
the cursor may be to update one row at a time or perform an administrative process such as SQL Server database backups
 in a sequential manner.  SQL Server cursors are used for Development, DBA and ETL processes
What is cursor? 
A cursor in SQL is a temporary work area created in system memory when a SQL statement is executed 

A cursor in Windows is an icon that is displayed when you move a mouse, a pen, or a trackball.
In Windows Forms, all Windows controls are derived from the Control class. The Control class has a Cursor

The Cursors class provides a set of cursors that can be used in Windows Forms.

Difference between pk and unique? 
The main difference among them is that the primary key identifies each record in the table,
 and the unique key prevents duplicate entries in a column except for a NULL value.

Difference between function and stored procedure? 
CREATE PROCEDURE GetAllProducts()
BEGIN
	SELECT *  FROM products;
END //
Stored Procedure is a set of statements which is stored in a compiled form
The function must return a value but in Stored Procedure it is optional. Even a procedure can return zero or n values.

Functions can have only input parameters for it whereas Procedures can have input or output parameters.

Functions can be called from Procedure whereas Procedures cannot be called from a Function.

What is DML and DDL? 
DDL is Data Definition Language which is used to define data structures . For example: create table, alter table are instructions in SQL.
 DML: DML is Data Manipulation Language which is used to manipulate data itself. For example: insert, update, delete are instructions in SQL.

What is indexing and type of indexing? 
Indexing is a data structure technique which allows you to quickly retrieve records from a database file. 
Indexing in Database is defined based on its indexing attributes. Two main types of indexing methods are:

Primary Indexing:Primary Index is an ordered file which is fixed length size with two fields. 
Secondary Indexing:The secondary Index in DBMS can be generated by a field which has a unique value for each record, and it should be a candidate key. It is also known as a non-clustering index.
 What do you understand by ViewState in MVC?
ViewState is used to retain the state of server-side objects between page post backs.
we use ViewBag,ViewData,TempData for the flow of values from controller to view or controller to controller .
One of the most common asp net interview questions is based on ViewState. Unlike WebForms, MVC does not have ViewState. 
This is because ViewState is stored in a hidden field on the page, which increases its size significantly and impacts the page loading time.

Define POST and GET action types.
POST action type submits data to be processed to a specified resource. We pass the essential URL and data with all the POST requests. It can take up overloads.
This verb should be used only to post or create new entry with information or data to database or other source. Code will look like the given below. The POST method submits an entity to the specified resource, often causing a change in state or side effects on the server.

GET action type requests data from a specified resource. We pass the compulsory URLs with all the GET requests. It can take up overloads. 

What is mvc and difference between partial view and view? 
The Model-View-Controller (MVC) is an architectural pattern that separates an application into three main logical components: the model, the view, and the controller. 

View	                                                       Partial View
The view is not as lightweight as that of the Partial view.	Partial view, as the name suggests, is lightweight than View.
The view has its own layout page.	The partial view does not have its own layout page.
The Viewstart page is rendered just before rendering any view.	A partial view is designed particularly for rendering within the view.
The view can have markup tags of HTML such as HTML, head, body, title, meta, etc.	The partial view does not contain any markup.

What is asp.net? 
ASP.NET is a web application framework developed and marketed by Microsoft to allow programmers to build dynamic web sites. 
It allows you to use a full featured programming language such as C# or VB.NET to build web applications easily.
ASP.NET is a web development platform, which provides a programming model, a comprehensive software infrastructure
 and various services required to build up robust web applications for PC, as well as mobile devices.

ASP.NET works on top of the HTTP protocol, and uses the HTTP commands and policies to set a browser-to-server bilateral communication and cooperation.


How to redirect second page in asp.net 
ou can either do a Response.Redirect("YourPage.aspx"); or a Server.Transfer("YourPage.aspx"); on your button click event.

Ado.net ? what is the purpose of Executenonquery in ado.net 
ADO.NET stands for ActiveX Data Object is a database access technology created by Microsoft as part of its .NET 
framework that can access any kind of data source. It’s a set of object-oriented classes that provides a rich set of data 
components to create high-performance, reliable and scalable database applications for client- server applications as well as distributed
 environments over the Internet and intranets.
ExecuteNonQuery method is used to execute SQL Command or the storeprocedure performs, INSERT, UPDATE or Delete operations . 
It does not return any data from the database. Instead, it returns an integer specifying the number of rows inserted, updated or deleted.

What is datareader and dataadaptor in ADO.net? 
DataReader:
DataReader is used to read the data from the database and it is a read and forward only connection oriented architecture during fetch the data from database. DataReader will fetch the data very fast when compared with dataset. Generally, we will use ExecuteReader object to bind data to datareader.
DataAdapter:
DataAdapter will acts as a Bridge between DataSet and database. This dataadapter object is used to read the data from database and bind that data to dataset. Dataadapter is a disconnected oriented architecture. Check below sample code to see how to use DataAdapter in code:

What is value type and what is ref type with example? 
All fundamental data types, Boolean, Date, structs, and enums are examples of value types. Examples of reference types include: strings, arrays, objects of classes, etc.

Difference between out and ref?
ref is used to state that the parameter passed may be modified by the method. in is used to state that the parameter passed cannot be modified by the method. out is used to state that the parameter passed must be modified by the method 
. What is the difference between ref & out parameters?
An argument passed as ref must be initialized before passing to the method whereas out parameter needs not to be initialized before passing to a method.

Class and object 
C# Class:
In C#, class is a group of similar objects. It is a template from which objects are created. It can have fields, methods, constructors etc.
C# Object:
In C#, Object is a real world entity, for example, chair, car, pen, mobile, laptop etc.

In other words, object is an entity that has state and behavior. Here, state means data and behavior means functionality.

Object is a runtime entity, it is created at runtime.

what is Static class ?
Static classes are sealed and therefore cannot be inherited. They cannot inherit from any class except Object. 
Static classes cannot contain an instance constructor. However, they can contain a static constructor.

Can we call static class? 
You cannot call static methods using an object of the non-static class. The static methods can only call other static methods and access static members

What is difference between constant and read only? 
Constant variables are declared and initialized at compile time. The value can’t be changed afterward. Read-only is used only when we want to assign the value at run time.


What is validation on textbox with any validation example? 


what is exception?
When an error occurs, C# will normally stop and generate an error message. The technical term for this is: C# will throw an exception (throw an error).

Exception handling with finaly keyword? 

What is final keyword. 
In c# there is no keyword like “final” but the same thing is achieved by keyword “sealed“ . A class which is marked by keyword sealed cannot be inherited. If you have ever noticed, structs are sealed.

What is interface? 
An Interface is an abstract class which has only public abstract methods, and the methods only have the declaration and not the definition.
These abstract methods must be implemented in the inherited classes.

What are value types and reference types?
A value type holds a data value within its own memory space. Example int a-30;
Reference type stores the address of the Object where the value is being stored. It is a pointer to another memory location.

What is OOPS? 
An Introduction to OOPS Concepts in Java | Abstraction Inheritance Polymorphism
Objects & Classes. Objects are the basic unit of OOPS representing real-life entities. ...
Abstraction. ...
Encapsulation. ...
Inheritance - Single, Multilevel, Hierarchical, and Multiple. ...
Polymorphism - Static and Dynamic.

Overloading and overrind? 
Method Overloading means creating multiple methods in a class with same names but different signatures (Parameters).
Method Overriding means having two methods with same name and same signatures [parameters],

Method Overriding means having two methods with same name and same signatures [parameters], one should be in the base class and other method should be 
in a derived class [child class]. You can override the functionality of a base class method to create a same name method with same signature in a derived class. 
You can achieve method overriding using inheritance. Virtual and Override keywords are used to achieve method overriding.
using System;




Abstract class: Abstract classes are classes that cannot be instantiated where 
you cannot create objects. Abstract classes work on the OOPS concept 
of abstraction. Abstraction helps to extract essential details and hide the unessential ones.

include behavior from multiple sources in a class. That capability is important in C# because the language 
doesn't support multiple inheritance of classes. In addition, you must use an i

Method overriding is used to provide the specific implementation of a method which is already provided by its superclass.
Method overriding is used for runtime polymorphism

Types of interface? 
Some of the interface types in C# include.

IEnumerable − Base interface for all generic collections.

IList − A generic interface implemented by the arrays and the list type.

IDictionary − A dictionary collection.

 Interface: It is like abstract class but its has decleartion but not provide the implementation of abstract class.the main use of interface is to achive multiple inheritance

Abstraction is a process of hiding the implementation details and showing only functionality to the user
anstarcat class It cannot be instantiated.



Accesifier? What is iternal accesifier? 

Difference between private , protected,public and default Accesifier? 

What is abstract class and interface. Difference between these two? 


Polymorphism and Overriding Methods
Polymorphism means "many forms", and it occurs when we have many classes that are related to each other by inheritance.

Like we specified in the previous chapter; Inheritance lets us inherit fields and methods from another class.
 Polymorphism uses those methods to perform different tasks. This allows us to perform a single action in different ways.


ViewBag is a dynamic object to pass the data from Controller to View

generic use of generic(type safty no boxing unboxing required)
What is generics in C # What are the benefits of generics?
Generics provide type safety without the overhead of multiple implementations . Generics eliminates boxing and unboxing. There is no need to write code to test for the correct data type because it is enforced at compile time. The need for type casting and the possibility of run-time errors are reduced.

constructor,:
Question: What are the constructors?
Answer: In C#, there is a special method that is invoked automatically at the time of object creation.
 It initializes the data members of a new object and has the same name as the class or the structure. There are two types of constructors:




shealed classes
use of seald classes
abstract class can we use virtual in abstracted class,: Yes, We can have virtual method in an Abstract class in C#. 
 Yes, an abstract class can have a constructor. In general, a class constructor is used to initialize fields. Along the same lines, an abstract class constructor is used to initialize fields of the abstract class.
Yes, abstract class can have Static Methods. The reason for this is Static methods do not work on the instance of the class, they are directly associated with the class itself

diff view bag
g and temp data,
readonly and constant
asun and wait in c#

What is Cursor in SQL ?
Difficulty Level : Medium
Last Updated : 19 Oct, 2021
Cursor is a Temporary Memory or Temporary Work Station. It is Allocated by Database Server at the Time of Performing DML(Data Manipulation Language) operations on Table by User. Cursors are used to store Database Tables. There are 2 types of Cursors: Implicit Cursors, and Explicit Cursors. These are explained as following below.

Implicit Cursors:
Implicit Cursors are also known as Default Cursors of SQL SERVER. These Cursors are allocated by SQL SERVER when the user performs DML operations.
Explicit Cursors :
Explicit Cursors are Created by Users whenever the user requires them. Explicit Cursors are used for Fetching data from Table in Row-By-Row Manner.

A brief overview of Bitbucket
Bitbucket Cloud is a Git based code hosting and collaboration tool, built for teams. Bitbucket's best-in-class Jira and Trello integrations are designed to bring the entire software team together to execute on a project. We provide one place for your team to collaborate on code from concept to Cloud, build quality code through automated testing, and deploy code with confidence.
Please confirm i will wait or move for 

SOAP uses service interfaces to expose its functionality to client applications

Design patterns:Design pattern are resuable solution to typical softwat design issues that aruse frequently in real word appliation devlopment

filters
trigger
I got RAS delimination mail and assigned in Trainng code but my assignation is only for 4 day till (1Aug)
I want to know reason why assignation is for 4 days
CQDPC9118E
BLRN05112C
THINK & LEARN PRIVATE LIMITED
61,271




