
Tell me about yourself:

Hi ,this side samya i have done b tech from computer science.After that i started my carier in hcl technology that is IT company as developer role.
I have 4 year experience in it industry.i have worked on dot net technology.recently i have sucefully complted 4 yrer in hcl technology 
and i m looking for oppotunity for job switch so that 
 i can move forward for next step of my carier

Why do you want to work here?

before i worded on indian company but i moved to sweden so i want to work with swidish company 
i have seen about your compny essity-global hygine amd helth compony and about this position ,and  I feel my skills are particularly well-suited to this position 

What are your strengths?
i m details oriencted person when clint come to us i alwas focus on deatils so that i can deliver best product 
whatever they want and no miscommunication will not happend 

What are your greatest weaknesses?
too much focus and didicated on deadlines for work so that i forfot to change posture or take 5 min break so that i m facing back pain and servical pain issue 

what have been your achievements to date?
in 2020 when i have only 2 year of experience my project meanger was decided to sent me on
client location to interation and product representation.that is my biggest atticvement baecuse usually thay alwas sent an more then 5 yaer 
experience holder to intract with client but they have given thi oppotunity to me but due to pendemic i was cancled my trip.

What is the most difficult situation you have faced at work?
its very tough to converce my manger to i will always do work from home after my marriage  they are not agree beacuse offices was 
going to be opend and they need people in office but i was in sweden so i was not able to come india

What did you (dis)like about your last role?
my last role is developer role and each day i lear new things new idea to create any application so i like my role 

Why do you want to leave your current employer?
i want to leave this beacuse beacuse i want to do switch on swidish company as my husband is here also they are not agree to 
give benifits like permanent work from home for me




What are your goals for the future?
i want to give my best in IT industry and in future i want to be project lead and more so that i can lead the projects 

. How do you respond to working under pressure
yes i can do work underpresure .its mt thinking sometimes in under presure we alwads deliver our best performace.

